privacy_en.md, before:

# Privacy policy

## About Misskey Official Instance
The microblog SNS Misskey official instance ("instance" below) is an official instance  
of Misskey developed as an open source.  
The website address is [https://misskey.io](https://misskey.io) .


For the handling of privacy information of this instance,  
the following privacy policy ("Policy") is defined in the GitHub repository ("Website") as follows.


## The reason for collecting personal information that this instance collects
### 1. About privacy information
1. "Privacy information" in the Personal Information Protection Act means "personal information"  
	as defined in the Personal Information Protection Act,  
	and is information on an individual who is alive and that can identify a specific individual  
	by the date of birth and other technologies included in the information.

2. "Record information and characteristic information" in the privacy information means something other than  
	the above-mentioned "personal information",  
	and refers to information such as a page visited by  
	a user, search query, usage time, usage method, usage environment, age, user IP address, Information,  
	and object identification information of the terminal.


### 2. About collecting privacy information
1. This instance may require you to provide personal information such as your date of birth and email address when you register.

2. This instance includes the service used for the user, the page visited by the software,  
	the search keyword, the usage time, the usage method,  
	the usage environment (including various setting information when using the communication status of the terminal when using the terminal),  
	the IP address, History information such as location information, object identification information of the terminal,  
	and property information when the user uses this instance or views the page.


### 3. About the purpose of collecting and using personal information
The purpose of this instance is to collect and use personal information.

1. To allow users to view their registration information and to display information  
	about the registration information and services used to view the modified usage

2. Use e-mail to notify users and contact them or use contact information such as e-mail address to confirm the user's identity.

3. Purpose of making your age public so that you can connect with each other smoothly

4. In order to allow users to easily input data, the information registered in this instance is displayed  
	on the input screen or the purpose of transmitting to another instance according to the user's instruction

5. In order to respond to user inquiries, the contents of the inquiry and the information necessary  
	for this instance to deliver the service to the user,

6. The purpose for the purposes of the above use

### 4. About third party provision of personal information
1. The instance does not provide personal information to third parties without prior consent of the user,  
	including However, this does not apply to cases where the Personal Information Protection Act or  
	other statute permits or the date of birth registered as the user's public information.

1. When it is based on laws and ordinances

2. When it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual as necessary  
	for the protection of the person's life, body or property.

3. When it is difficult to obtain consent of the individual as a special case  
	for improvement of public sanitation or promotion of healthy upbringing of child.

4. Where a national or local public entity or a person entrusted to it is required to cooperate  
	in carrying out the affairs prescribed by laws and regulations,  
	and if there is a risk of impeding the performance of the affairs by obtaining the consent of the individual.

5. Notice or announcement of the following in advance:
	1. Purpose of Use Include the offer to a third party.
	2. Data items provided to third parties.
	3. Means or methods of providing to third parties.

### 5. About disclosure of personal information
1. When an instance requests disclosure of personal information from the person concerned,  
	it will disclose it to the person without delay.
	However, if any of the following falls due to disclosure,  
	the whole or a part of the decision to not disclose or make a decision,  
	if you do not inform it without delay.
	In addition, a fee of 1,500 jpy will be charged for each personal information disclosure.

	1. There is a risk of harming the life, body, property or other rights of the person or third person.

	2. If there is a risk of significant impact on the proper conduct of the operation of this instance

	3. If you violate other laws and regulations

2. Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding paragraph,  
	information other than personal information such as record information and characteristic information is not disclosed in principle.


### 6. About correction and deletion of personal information
1. If the personal information held by this instance is inaccurate information,  
	the user may be entitled to request correction of personal information for this instance in accordance  
	with the procedures set forth in this instance, except in the following cases:

	1. If your account is frozen due to fraud

	2. If the executives in this instance find it inappropriate

	3. If technically impossible

2. In the event that the user receives a request from the foregoing paragraph  
	and determines that it is necessary to respond to the request,  
	the instance shall promptly correct the personal information and inform the user thereof without delay.

3. It is technically impossible to delete private information per instance other than yourself.
	This also applies to text or upload files (images, videos, etc.) posted by users.

### 7. About change of privacy policy
1. The contents of this policy are subject to change without notice to the user.

2. Except as otherwise provided in the instances,  
	the Privacy Policy after the change will take effect from the time you post it on this website.

Commit message:

Added a description of Google Analytics.

privacy_en.md, after:

# Privacy policy

## About Misskey Official Instance
The microblog SNS Misskey official instance ("instance" below) is an official instance  
of Misskey developed as an open source.  
The website address is [https://misskey.io](https://misskey.io) .


For the handling of privacy information of this instance,  
the following privacy policy ("Policy") is defined in the GitHub repository ("Website") as follows.


## The reason for collecting personal information that this instance collects
### 1. About privacy information
1. "Privacy information" in the Personal Information Protection Act means "personal information"  
	as defined in the Personal Information Protection Act,  
	and is information on an individual who is alive and that can identify a specific individual  
	by the date of birth and other technologies included in the information.

2. "Record information and characteristic information" in the privacy information means something other than  
	the above-mentioned "personal information",  
	and refers to information such as a page visited by  
	a user, search query, usage time, usage method, usage environment, age, user IP address, Information,  
	and object identification information of the terminal.  
	In addition, if the user agrees, we will use Google Analytics, an access analysis tool by Google.  
	[Google Analytics Terms of Use here](https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/analytics/terms/us/).


### 2. About collecting privacy information
1. This instance may require you to provide personal information such as your date of birth and email address when you register.

2. This instance includes the service used for the user, the page visited by the software,  
	the search keyword, the usage time, the usage method,  
	the usage environment (including various setting information when using the communication status of the terminal when using the terminal),  
	the IP address, History information such as location information, object identification information of the terminal,  
	and property information when the user uses this instance or views the page.


### 3. About the purpose of collecting and using personal information
The purpose of this instance is to collect and use personal information.

1. To allow users to view their registration information and to display information  
	about the registration information and services used to view the modified usage

2. Use e-mail to notify users and contact them or use contact information such as e-mail address to confirm the user's identity.

3. Purpose of making your age public so that you can connect with each other smoothly

4. In order to allow users to easily input data, the information registered in this instance is displayed  
	on the input screen or the purpose of transmitting to another instance according to the user's instruction

5. In order to respond to user inquiries, the contents of the inquiry and the information necessary  
	for this instance to deliver the service to the user,

6. The purpose for the purposes of the above use

### 4. About third party provision of personal information
1. The instance does not provide personal information to third parties without prior consent of the user,  
	including However, this does not apply to cases where the Personal Information Protection Act or  
	other statute permits or the date of birth registered as the user's public information.

1. When it is based on laws and ordinances

2. When it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual as necessary  
	for the protection of the person's life, body or property.

3. When it is difficult to obtain consent of the individual as a special case  
	for improvement of public sanitation or promotion of healthy upbringing of child.

4. Where a national or local public entity or a person entrusted to it is required to cooperate  
	in carrying out the affairs prescribed by laws and regulations,  
	and if there is a risk of impeding the performance of the affairs by obtaining the consent of the individual.

5. Notice or announcement of the following in advance:
	1. Purpose of Use Include the offer to a third party.
	2. Data items provided to third parties.
	3. Means or methods of providing to third parties.

### 5. About disclosure of personal information
1. When an instance requests disclosure of personal information from the person concerned,  
	it will disclose it to the person without delay.
	However, if any of the following falls due to disclosure,  
	the whole or a part of the decision to not disclose or make a decision,  
	if you do not inform it without delay.
	In addition, a fee of 1,500 jpy will be charged for each personal information disclosure.

	1. There is a risk of harming the life, body, property or other rights of the person or third person.

	2. If there is a risk of significant impact on the proper conduct of the operation of this instance

	3. If you violate other laws and regulations

2. Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding paragraph,  
	information other than personal information such as record information and characteristic information is not disclosed in principle.


### 6. About correction and deletion of personal information
1. If the personal information held by this instance is inaccurate information,  
	the user may be entitled to request correction of personal information for this instance in accordance  
	with the procedures set forth in this instance, except in the following cases:

	1. If your account is frozen due to fraud

	2. If the executives in this instance find it inappropriate

	3. If technically impossible

2. In the event that the user receives a request from the foregoing paragraph  
	and determines that it is necessary to respond to the request,  
	the instance shall promptly correct the personal information and inform the user thereof without delay.

3. It is technically impossible to delete private information per instance other than yourself.
	This also applies to text or upload files (images, videos, etc.) posted by users.

### 7. About change of privacy policy
1. The contents of this policy are subject to change without notice to the user.

2. Except as otherwise provided in the instances,  
	the Privacy Policy after the change will take effect from the time you post it on this website.
